docs: add release notes for 1.11 (#456)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/install/releases.mdx

---

## 1.11.0
2 August 2023

### Features

- Upgrade buildkit v0.11.6. <!-- 6771 -->
- Upgrade ingress-nginx to 4.7.1. <!-- 6838 -->

### Improvements

- Underlaying Kubernetes cluster version is now shown in the Admin section. <!-- 6734 -->

> - A warning message is now shown when GitHub App private key is not valid. <!-- 6750 -->

Reviewer: @jpf-okteto where do we show this, in the logs?

Reviewer 2: In the logs but we also display a more meaningful error in the UI, in the red banner

> - Okteto Web UI documentation links now point to the same version used by the platform instead of latest. <!-- 6761 -->

Reviewer: 👏 👏 👏

- Automatic role binding for service accounts can now be disabled. <!-- 6816 -->
- Added [configuration setting in the daemonset](self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx#daemonset) to disable the configuration of private registry credentials in the nodes <!-- 6741 -->

> - ingress-nginx validation webhook is enabled by default, protecting the whole platform against single user ingress syntax errors. <!-- 6706 -->

Reviewer: @jpf-okteto will this involve running more pods?

### Bugfixes

- When hovering over logs in the Okteto Web UI, a wrong timestamp was shown. <!-- 6799, 6812 -->

> - Istio's Virtual Service is now properly supported when using "dev.okteto.com/endpoints" annotation. <!-- 6822 -->

Reviewer 2: I think this was already supported. We are fixing a case in which the custom endpoints added as annotations were displayed for unrelated services

> - Istio's Virtual Service is now properly supported when using "dev.okteto.com/endpoints" annotation. <!-- 6822 -->

Reviewer 2: If you want to link to a documentation page where this is mentioned, you can use this one: https://www.okteto.com/docs/cloud/ssl/#customizing-the-endpoints-shown-in-the-okteto-ui

There we explain how you can use that annotation to show the endpoints in the UI

---

## 1.11.0
2 August 2023

### Before you upgrade

> Okteto 1.11 enables by default ingress-nginx validation webhook (adding an additional Kubernetes deployment), which protects the platform against single user ingress syntax errors. <!-- 6706 -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Okteto 1.11 the ingress-nginx validation webhook (adding an additional Kubernetes deployment) is enabled by default. This webhook validates any new ingress objects that are created or updated throughout the cluster to protect the platform from single user ingress syntax errors. <!-- 6706 -->
```

Non-blocking suggestion. Goal is to over-explain and not assume what our users do/don't know about Kubernetes or Okteto

Can someone expand more on

> Okteto 1.11 enables by default ingress-nginx validation webhook (adding an additional Kubernetes deployment), which protects the platform against single user ingress syntax errors. <!-- 6706 -->

Reviewer 2: @jpf-okteto Remember to delete this before merging

### Features

> - Upgrade buildkit v0.11.6. <!-- 6771 -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Upgraded buildkit to v0.11.6. <!-- 6771 -->
```

This seems more like an improvement to me than a feature. Any objections to moving it to the `Improvements` section?

> - Upgrade ingress-nginx to 4.7.1. <!-- 6838 -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Upgraded ingress-nginx to 4.7.1. <!-- 6838 -->
```

Same as above. Seems more like an `Improvement` than a `Feature` to me

### Improvements

> - Underlaying Kubernetes cluster version is now shown in the Admin section. <!-- 6734 -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Underlying Kubernetes cluster version is now shown in the Admin section. <!-- 6734 -->
```

> - A warning message is now shown at the components' logs and when attempting to authenticate or perform a GitHub related action when GitHub App private key is not valid. <!-- 6750 -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When a GitHub App private key is not valid, a warning message is now shown in a components' logs and when attempting to authenticate or perform a GitHub-related action. <!-- 6750 -->
```

> - Okteto Web UI documentation links now point to the same version used by the platform instead of latest. <!-- 6761 -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Okteto Web UI documentation links now point to the same version used by the platform instead of the latest version. <!-- 6761 -->
```
